Roy you're working later you and Angelo
were visiting Franks and Kowski tonight
one more thing
no God what nobody should get hurt bad
[Music]
why this men wanna kid it was like some
kind of setup how'd you find yourself
there tonight one thing we can do now
get as far out as possible can you stop
the orange for me why I just me do
something there's people looking for us
the you're bringing her into that you
think about that you want to leave it's
okay
a little wimp deserves better than this
thank you
[Music]
but I got something going on I could
even help you have a little bit give the
to your wife
[Music]
look the past isn't real you remember
how you want to remember it
[Music]